Analyze the below mentioned system requirements and come up with an system design and to be specific object oriented design identifying Entities, States / Properties and behaviour

Assume that you have read only access to student database containing their basic information and all the information about the student that you need for this system. 

Whenever there is a vacation, students in hostel have to book tickets to and from their home town. This student trip planner, helps in bringing co-located students 

(students in same city) together to collaborate and schedule their trip.

System's admin maintain data about transport agencies, their buses and cost. They also create / maintain vacations as per the acadmic calendar. Sets-up reminder / 

notification to student for various process steps.

A trip plan starts by creation of a trip in the system specifying their destination date, time and place. The student who is creating a trip, 

can invite his / her friends to join the trip. Students in the same place gets notified about a new trip being created and they join the trip by opting for it.

One week before the start date for vacation, system admin gets a regionwise report showing how many students have joined together for a trip to a particular destination.

System admin, can launch a poll to choose the bus or choose the time to leave.

Once the bus is selected, system admin can collect the payment to confirm the booking and update their payment status.

For the return trip too, a similar approach can be followed.

DO NOT have to implement any login screen as the system will leverage the single-sign-on server.



1. compare the students with same city

2. admin-> buses,cost

3. sync calender and google account  , reminder for vacations 

4. student create trip, invite students of same city

5. vacations before week check how many students in trip according to every city(distinct city)

6. select bus and time

7. payment for confirm tickets
 
8. same as for return trip




select students name from database where city=xxx;----> invite link for trip



students

name
city               invite other studnets
mailid
contact no



admin

stu_name           bus ,cost allocation
city
payments


trip                                                                      payments

time                     after this paymnt happens                        students name
place                                                                      city
									  payment

 